# Attribution

This page gives attribution to the various open-source projects used in ColorPane, as well as whatever else seems appropriate.

## ColorBrewer

This product includes color specifications and designs developed by Cynthia Brewer ([http://colorbrewer.org/](http://colorbrewer.org/)).

```
Apache-Style Software License for ColorBrewer software and ColorBrewer Color
Schemes

Copyright (c) 2002 Cynthia Brewer, Mark Harrower, and The Pennsylvania State
University.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not
use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of
the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
the License.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions as source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution, if any, must
include the following acknowledgment: "This product includes color
specifications and designs developed by Cynthia Brewer
(http://colorbrewer.org/)." Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the
software itself, if and wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally
appear.

4. The name "ColorBrewer" must not be used to endorse or promote products
derived from this software without prior written permission. For written
permission, please contact Cynthia Brewer at cbrewer@psu.edu.

5. Products derived from this software may not be called "ColorBrewer", nor
may "ColorBrewer" appear in their name, without prior written permission of
Cynthia Brewer.
```

## Copic

Copic is a registered trademark of [Too Corporation, Japan](https://www.toomarker.co.jp/en).

## color-temperature

The implementation of the Kelvin color module is based on Neil Bartlett's [color-temperature](https://github.com/neilbartlett/color-temperature), which is licensed under the MIT License.

## Markdown Buttons

[@cxmeel](https://github.com/cxmeel)'s [Material Buttons](https://gist.github.com/cxmeel/b3af232eba0ace022e2fba8b7b286520) are cool and you should know about them.

## Material Icons

Google's [Material Icons](https://fonts.google.com/icons) are licensed under the [Apache License 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html).

## roact, rodux, roact-rodux

[@roblox](https://github.com/Roblox)'s [roact](https://github.com/Roblox/roact), [rodux](https://github.com/Roblox/rodux), and [roact-rodux](https://github.com/Roblox/roact-rodux) are licensed under the [Apache License 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html).

## roblox-lua-promise

[@evaera](https://github.com/evaera)'s [roblox-lua-promise](https://github.com/evaera/roblox-lua-promise) is licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/evaera/roblox-lua-promise/blob/master/LICENSE).

## t

[@osyrisrblx](https://github.com/osyrisrblx)'s [t](https://github.com/osyrisrblx/t) is licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/osyrisrblx/t/blob/master/LICENSE).

## Translations

- French (`fr`) translation:
    - [Clem Gaming (clmntfeugere)](https://crowdin.com/profile/clmntfeugere)
- Korean (`ko`) translation:
    - [CoouDo](https://crowdin.com/profile/cooudo)